hello everyone with you music in my asset
name is Dmitry and today our video review
dedicated to the new digital model
piano called 245
at
So
by 45 is a compact
digital piano with weighted
88 keys mechanism
The keyboard here is very installed
high quality and cool actually
yamaha they don't do anything wrong
never done in terms of digital
piano especially but as for
the mechanism is it will protect
Hummer standard is a weighted mechanism
as I said, but it’s great
suitable even for those who never
Grodno we weigh it a little lightweight and
In principle, for beginners you can easily cope
on the other hand, to all those who love
it is a weighted mechanism that mechanics
I think I really like it too because
she meets all the dynamic nuances
games besides there are four used
sensitivity so that you can
set up the tool for yourself that way
how do you need another important
aspect of an important plus of this
tool or keyboard itself which
it is used on weight as it is
we have a compact tool and he is the first
I think the queue will be interesting exactly
stage pianist here
An important aspect is weight weight
this tool is only 11 s
a half kilo is very little
for
measured mechanics trust me among
tools and do not tear your back
so if you are looking for a compact
tool and weighted mechanics p45
pay attention to her besides yet
very inexpensive tool and very
not bad for you more often
as for the sound engine here
used updated sound engine
a vm is a sampler
the engine has built-in effects here
it sounds all great principle you more
than realistic there are 10 different
two types of sounds two types of piano
electric piano
2 string harpsichord and vibraphone can be
work with these sounds
besides every sound
supports split function
keyboard and timbres
one more important bonus
here is the built-in metronome
metronome activate
miracle here including any temp you can
Set to work for example if you need
do this metronome
there is a very comfortable and pleasant lot
an important feature of all these compact
tools from yamaha
well tools from the p series is
very simple and comfortable design is not here
nothing complicated almost pay attention
on the front toolbar all that u
here we have this power button
shutdown protection and we can't just
so score so no problems with it
will arise
further we have volume control and
fan button which sap become
allows you to access all
tools that says here
to metronome metronome size settings
and so on to do everything through one
the single button is very cool and
comfortable on the back of the instrument
there is a connector for the unit
power connector for pedal
sustain it is very important for digital
piano
Further we have a headphone jack is
necessarily an element too
here you can connect any speakers you
will leave the instrument on a big sound and in
the left side we have a usb connector with
by which we will connect
computer built-in tool
the acoustics of this instrument allows
working with him quite self offline
here there are two speakers each
of which has a power of 6 watts if
you need for example a tool for
homework to practice it
principle is a very good option except
In addition, the acoustics of the net produces bright
pleasant timbre
Well, in general in my opinion this is one of
the best options if you are
planning to buy inexpensive
tool without tricked out functional
without training without any there
accompaniment section note
on cheap yamaha tools
this is probably the best that is on our
market in terms of price and quality
well, yamaha psr ak5 is one of the most
new tools as known digital
piano than believe me as
thread tools have the property
become obsolete so hurry pay
attention to this tool he is in
the presence of
now in stores musicals come
test well and on this our review
finished remember my name is dmitry
this weight asset
subscribe to our channel leave
likes and comments bye see you